---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: Divine Assignment
date: 10/17/22
count: 4
---

After reading 1 Corinthians 7 this morning, I found myself a bit perplexed. This sermon from Desiring God, <a href="https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/your-job-as-ministry" class="text-yellow-500">Your Job As a Ministry</a>, was helpful as I reflected on what it means to be content in God's particular calling on my life.

<x-blockquote class="font-mono" cite="https://www.desiringgod.org/messages/your-job-as-ministry" caption="John Piper | Your Job As A Ministry">
    "let each person lead the life that the Lord has assigned to him, and to which God has called him." (1 Corinthians 7:17)

    <p>this text implies that the job you now have, as long as you are there, is God's assignment to you. Verse 17 says, "Let everyone lead the life which the Lord has assigned to him." God is sovereign. It is no accident that you are where you are. "A man's mind plans his way, but the Lord directs his steps" (Proverbs 16:9). "Many are the plans in the mind of a man, but it is the purpose of the Lord that will be established" (Proverbs 19:21). "The lot is cast in the lap, but the decision is wholly from the Lord" (Proverbs 16:33).</p>

    <p><b class="font-bold">You are where you are by divine assignment, even if you got there by fraud. Your job is your ministerial assignment, just as much as mine is. How you fulfill the demands of that job is just as essential in life as what you do here on Sunday. For many of us that may mean turning over a new leaf tomorrow morning.</b></p>

    <p>Let's all pray before we set out to work: "God, go with me today and keep me conscious of your presence. Encourage my heart when I tend to despair, and humble me when I tend to boast. O God, give me the grace to obey your commandments, which I know are all summed up in this, to love my neighbor as myself. Amen."</p>
</x-blockquote>
